 What is source code?
 Human readable text that programmers write and which is interpreted by the computer to perform tasks

 What makes computers so “smart”, anyway?
 Computers are pretty stupid. They do what programs tell them to do. But they are fast

 What is the purpose of a programming language?
 Programming languages are easy to read for humans and can be compiled or intepreted into machine code for 
 computers.

 What are 3 examples of programming languages? Why are there so many of these?
 javascript, python, sql
 Different languages are created for different tasks. Javascript is easy loosely typed language for 
 web design, python is optimized for OOP. SQL is designed for database programming.

 What is a variable? Why are variables useful?
 variables store information and give the user a 'label' or 'name' to make it easier to access 
 that info. The information in the variable can be mutable (changeable) or immutable (unchanging),
 in which case a new variable can be created (even if it has the same name)

 What is the difference between a single-equals (=) and a double-equals (==)?
 Single equals assigns a value. Double equal is used for comparing variables/values on 
 each side of the equals sign.

 What is the difference between a double-equals (==) and a triple-equals (===)?
 double equals allows javascript interpreter to make assumptions (42='42'), allowing it
 to change the 'type' of one side of the equals to be the same as the other (convert string to int,
 for instance)

 Why does the developer console exist? In the browser? To allow the user to see what's going on
 behind the scenes (what values are contained by what variables, etc.). Almost like a debugging 
 environment.

 When we talk about “conditional” statements, what does that mean? What is an example?
 Normally statements are executed in order, one after the other. Conditional statements allow
 statements to be executed (or not) based on conditions. For instance 'if' is a conditional statements.

 Why would we want FOR or WHILE loops in our source code?
 Rather than rewriting statements if what them repeated more than once, we can use FOR or WHILE
 loops to repeate whatever code is contained in their BLOCKS.

 When would you use a WHILE loop, instead of a FOR loop?
 FOR loops are good if we know ahead of time how many times we want to repeat statements. WHILE
 loops are good if we do NOT know ahead of time how many times we want to repeat statements.

 What is a function? Why would we use functions?
 Functions are a way of grouping statements that we can use in several places (rather than
 rewriting those same statements repeatedly)

 How many values can you receive back from a function? How many values can you send in?
 Only one value can be returned from a function. Many values be sent in.

 What is an array? How many values does it hold?
 An array is a data structure for holding one or more values. Arrays can be sized to hold many values
 and are limited by physical storage available on the machine.

 What is a T-diagram and why should I know how to use one?
 T-Diagrams are use to track variable information during the run of a computer program. It makes
 knowing what variables contain throughout the computer program (or function) running.

 What are the two ways to comment JS code? When would you use one versus the other?
 Single line comment, double slashes start the comment, which continues until the end of the line (EOL)
 Multiple line comment starts with a slash and an asterisk /* and ends with an asterisk and slash */
 